1. Who is He in yonder stall, At whose feet the shepherds fall? 'Tis the Lord, O wondrous story, 'Tis the Lord, the King of glory! At His feet we humbly fall, Crown Him, crown Him Lord of all . At His feet we humbly fall the Lord of all. Crown Him, crown Him, Jesus, Jesus, Crown Him Lord of all.
2. Who is He in deep distress, Fasting in the wilderness? 'Tis the Lord, O wondrous story, 'Tis the Lord, the King of glory! At His feet we humbly fall, Crown Him, crown Him Lord of all . At His feet we humbly fall the Lord of all. Crown Him, crown Him, Jesus, Jesus, Crown Him Lord of all.
3. Who is He, the gathering throng Greet with loud triumphant song? 'Tis the Lord, O wondrous story 'Tis the Lord, the King of glory! At His feet we humbly fall, Crown Him, crown Him Lord of all . At His feet we humbly fall the Lord of all. Crown Him, crown Him, Jesus, Jesus, Crown Him Lord of all.
4. Lo, at midnight, who is He Prays in dark Gethsemane? 'Tis the Lord, O wondrous story 'Tis the Lord, the King of glory! At His feet we humbly fall, Crown Him, crown Him Lord of all . At His feet we humbly fall the Lord of all. Crown Him, crown Him, Jesus, Jesus, Crown Him Lord of all.
5. Who is He on yonder tree Dies in shame and agony? 'Tis the Lord, O wondrous story, 'Tis the Lord, the King of glory! At His feet we humbly fall, Crown Him, crown Him Lord of all . At His feet we humbly fall the Lord of all. Crown Him, crown Him, Jesus, Jesus, Crown Him Lord of all.
6. Who is He that from the grave Comes to heal and help and save? 'Tis the Lord, O wondrous story, 'Tis the Lord, the King of glory! At His feet we humbly fall, Crown Him, crown Him Lord of all . At His feet we humbly fall the Lord of all. Crown Him, crown Him, Jesus, Jesus, Crown Him Lord of all.
7. Who is He that from His throne Rules through all the world alone? 'Tis the Lord, O wondrous story, 'Tis the Lord, the King of glory! At His feet we humbly fall, Crown Him, crown Him Lord of all . At His feet we humbly fall the Lord of all. Crown Him, crown Him, Jesus, Jesus, Crown Him Lord of all.
