“The depths have covered them; they sank to the bottom like a stone. “The Lord is my strength and song, and He has become my salvation; He is my God, and I will praise Him; my Father’s God, and I will exalt Him
The Lord is a man of war; the Lord is His name. “Pharaoh’s chariots and his army he has cast into the sea; his chosen captains also are drowned in the Red Sea.
“The depths have covered them; they sank to the bottom like a stone. “Your right hand, O Lord, has become glorious in power; Your right hand, O lord, has dashed the enemy in pieces.
“And in the greatness of Your excellence You have overthrown those who rose against You; You sent forth Your wrath which consumed them like stubble.
“And with the blast of Your nostrils The waters were gathered together; The floods stood upright like a heap; And the depths congealed in the heart of the sea.
“The enemy said, ‘I will pursue, I will overtake, I will divide the spoil; my desire shall be satisfied on them. I will draw my sword, my hand shall destroy them.’
“You blew with Your wind, the sea covered them; they sank like in the mighty waters. “Who is like You, O Lord, among the gods? Who is like You, glorious in holiness, fearful in praises, doing wonders?
“You stretched out Your right hand; The earth swallowed them. You in Your mercy have led forth the people whom You have redeemed; You have guided them in Your strength to Your holy habitation.
“The people will hear and be afraid; sorrow will take hold of the inhabitants of Palestina. Then the chief’s of Edom will be dismayed; the mighty men of Moab, trembling will take hold of them; all the inhabitants of Canaan will melt away
“Fear and dread will fall on them; By the greatness of Your arm They will be as still as a stone, Till Your people pass over, O Lord, Till the people pass over Whom You have purchased.
“You will bring them in and plants them In the mountain of Your inheritance, In the place, O Lord, which You have made For Your own dwelling, The sanctuary, O Lord, which Your hands have established.
“The Lord shall reign forever and ever.”
